Lin Yi, are you crazy?
Do you know what you're talking about?
Dare to challenge the Lei family
That's not what you're looking for
Lin Yi, don't be impulsive
Mr. Lin, Lei Jia is not easy to mess with
Mr. Lin, you'd better apologize to Lei Sheng
Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to report it.
Only the crazy
It seems that Master Lin is really his father and grandfather
Take a look.
This is a
What an intelligent person can say
I don't know what my sister thinks.
I would like to marry this lunatic
If you are really married
The chicken wife of our Qin family will also be taken in
Hmph, the relationship between my Qin family and the Lei family is over
So much cooperation.
Nature cannot be harmed by one person
Dad, this is no time for jokes
Although you cured Yan'er
If you want to stay alive
Just destroy your marriage and cross the river city
Forestry, you shouldn't talk nonsense
The Lei family is the first family in Magic City
It's unreasonable
Do you dare not apologize to Lin Zhi?
I told you before.
This Soul Sealing Book is unrepentant for those who see heaven and earth
You're still avoiding the story
Did you see the two killing gods behind Lei Shao?
They are all retired masters of the Kunlun lineage
Any one of them can kill you
I don't care who it is.
Today's marriage contract shows
Who dares to stop me?
Sun Yue is like me
Like my teacher
The price must be paid in blood